THEORIES FOR DECADES.
OFTEN MOCKED FOR TALKING
ABOUT IT MAYBE THEY
SHOULDN'T BE MOCKED.
COMMANDER DAVID GAVE ROW
SPENT 18 YEARS AS A NAVAL
PILOT.
2004 HE HAD UNFORGETTABLE
CONTACT WITH AIRCRAFT HE
SAID WAS DEFYING THE LAW OF
PHYSICS.
THANKS FOR COMING ON
TONIGHT.
TELL US WHAT YOU SAW.
TRAINING MISSION.
WHEN WE JOINED UP WE WERE
TOLD THAT THE EVENT WAS
TASKING AND SENT OUT TO THE
WEST.
SOUTHWEST OF SAN DIEGO
BETWEEN SAN DIEGO AND MEXICO
ON A CLEAR, PERFECT DAY WHY
GET OUT TO THE SPOT THEY
TELL US IT IS AT.
WE START LOOKING AROUND.
BOTH OF US, BOTH AIRPLANES
TIC-TACS SHAPED OBJECT JUST
THERE IS NO WINGS, NOTHING.
AS WE DRIVE AROUND IN A
CLOCKWISE FLOW WE GET TO THE
9:00 POSITION AND I SAID I'M
GOING TO GO DOWN AND CHECK
IT OUT AND OTHER JET IS
GOING TO STAY HIGH.
AS WE GO DOWN, WHEN WE GET
IT'S IN A CLOCKWISE FLOW AND
IT'S IN A DECLINE WE ARE IN
DISSENT.
WE TAKE A LOOK AT IT TAKES
I GET OVER TO THE 8:00
PRESIDENCY.
AND SEE WHAT IT IS.
IT'S ABOUT 2,000 FEET BELOW
AS I GET TO WITHIN ABOUT A
HALF MILE OF IT RAPIDLY
>> Tucker: WHAT WOULD YOU
ESTIMATE THE SPEED?
>> WELL ABOVE SUPER SONIC.
IT LIKE BULLET OUT OF A GUN
IT TOOK OFF.
>> Tucker: SO FROM WHAT YOU
KNOW ABOUT AERODYNAMICS,
MECHANICS, PHYSICS, SHOULD
THIS BE POSSIBLE WHAT YOU
SAW?
>> NOT WITH THE TECHNOLOGY
THAT WE HAVE TODAY.
NOT AT ALL.
>> Tucker: EVEN NOW, EVEN 13
YEARS LATER?
IS THERE ANYTHING THAT UNOF YOUT
IS THERE ANYTHING THAT UNOF YOUA
KIND OF BEHAVIOR.
>> WHEN WE SAW THE VIDEO OF
THE IR.
IT HAS NEXT SAWS.
NO DISCERNIBLE THINGS OF
HOVER OVER THE WATER MOVING
AROUND TO A CLIMB UP TO
ABOUT 12,000 FEET TO RAPIDLY
ACCELERATING AWAY IN A CLIMB
AND IN LESS THAN TWO SECONDS
IT WAS GONE.
YOU FIGURE 50 MILES OF
VISIBILITY AND CAN YOU
EASILY SEE AN OBJECT THAT
SIZE EASILY AFTER 10 MILES
AND IT DISAPPEARED IN
SECONDS.
>> Tucker: WHAT WOULD BE THE
THAT ALTITUDE CHANGE?
>> WELL, THE ALTITUDE
WOULDN'T BE BAD.
IT WOULD BE THE
ACCELERATION.
>> Tucker: RIGHT.
>> WELL, HONESTLY, I WANTED
TO FLY IT.
>> Tucker: YEAH, I BET.
>> YOU KNOW, TALKING TO SOME
PHYSICISTS.
THEY DON'T THINK THE HUMAN
BODY COULD HANDLE THAT KIND
OF FORCE.
>> Tucker: DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE THE HUMAN BODY OKAY
BOTTOM LINE, WHAT DO YOU
THINK THIS WAS?
>> I BELIEVE AS DO THE OTHER
FOLKS THAT WERE ON THE
FLIGHT THAT WE -- WHEN WE
VISUALLY SAW IT WAS
SOMETHING NOT INTEREST THIS
WORLD.
>> Tucker: PRESUMABLY YOU
EXPRESSED THAT BELIEF TO
>> ACTUALLY, WE CAUGHT A LOT
OF GRIEF GETTING BACK TO THE
BOAT.
AND IT GOT PASSED OFF AS AN
EVENT THAT NO ONE COULD
EXPLAIN.
KEEP IN MIND, THEY HAD BEEN
TRACKING THESE FOR TWO WEEKS
PRIOR TO US SEEING IT.
THIS WAS THE FIRST TIME THAT
APPEARED.
>> THIS FEELS LIKE A REALLY
BIG STORY TO ME.
IT'S NOT EXACTLY CLEAR WHY
VLADIMIR PUTIN IS MORE
INTERESTING THAN THIS.
I THINK THIS SEEMS LIKE A
BIG DEAL AND COMMANDER, I
YOU SEEM SOBER AND
BELIEVABLE AND I APPRECIATE